whoo that was bad whoo nice there we got
it we got that we got the whoo that's
what's up guys welcome to two minute
Tuesday I'm sorry I'm yelling this is a
hundred days of SEO I'm Brendan Hubbard
let's get into it so again this is two
minute Tuesday so let's put two minutes
on the clock we're probably gonna go
over two minutes so we're gonna keep it
there anyways let's go today we're
talking about video SEO did you know
that the most important part of video
SEO is not your keyword so now I wanted
Brendan what is the most important part
of ranking my videos in YouTube its
engagement so right now I'm going to
share with you three secrets of video
SEO also have you been watching a couple
of the videos you notice we change
scenery we came up in the living room
because all the other videos are in my
office that's getting boring
so secret number one is you have to get
people to click on your videos plain and
simple no clicks we can't even talk
about the other two secrets the big idea
here is you have to create thumbnails
that are not only gonna get people to
click but also entice them to want to
learn more and watch the entire video a
great example of this is I want to
complement my titles so in my last video
about growing your YouTube channel my
thumbnail showed Phil DeFranco and Peter
McKinnon and said do you want their
playbook that's not mentioned in the
title but people are like wow he's gonna
outline their playbook that they use to
get more subscribers and views I want
that and I'm gonna watch the video until
he reveals that what I've done in that
thumbnail is I've created an open loop
wondering what an open loop is this is
important because all of the best
YouTube channels not only just vlog and
have this cult of personality around
them but also create something else an
evergreen content that makes people want
to click which leads us to secret number
two the second secret after your
thumbnail and I guess also your title
that could include some keywords in it
is that you have to hook them in the
first 15 seconds the main thing to
understand here is that YouTube is very
democratic if you're not hooking
somebody instantly there's all these
other videos that they're trying to get
them to click so they'll stay on the
platform this means that before you
start filming you have to have a plan on
how to do this I use a formula called
hook story
offer hook story offer looks gory offer
hook story hook
a story and an offer and I also use open
loops you've seen a great example of
hook story offer and also open loops
throughout this video where I've said
I'm going to talk about something later
and you want to continue watching so
that you see what that thing is
the third secret is that after you've
gotten the click and after you've gotten
them to buy in initially you have to
retain them throughout the entire video
man is it hard to explain all of this in
under two minutes the key here is that
in order to retain people you have to
educate empower and entertain them the
best videos do all three I'm gonna teach
you something I'm going to empower you
to do it and apply it to your life but
I'm also gonna try probably too hard to
be funny throughout the whole process so
now I know you're thinking so just like
key people engage that's it that's the
key to video SEO sorry I'm still yelling
I get excited about this stuff
well the tricky thing here is that while
it is these three things and the parts
that I broke them down into it's also so
much more that's why I just made a 14
minute video about how to grow your
audience on YouTube it is a master class
I mentioned it earlier we break down
Phil DeFranco we break down Peter
McKinnon and how they have used the same
formula to keep their audience and grow
it every single day in that video there
are also three secrets and ten hacks
that you can use to apply to your
channel right away we also have an
incredible video interview that's linked
below with samo
from HR EFTS all about video SEO a quick
2 minute video from a previous two
minute Tuesday about why you should and
shouldn't start your YouTube channel and
of course like I mentioned the 14 minute
master class on growing your audience on
YouTube
I've been Brendon huffard don't forget
to work hard be nice people and don't
get too lost trying to create something
that matters and go check out those
videos
[Music]
also there's their socks right there
their socks
let's carry to the